<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\1\Desktop\all study projects\banking tasks\temp\webhelp-responsive\topics?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/temp/webhelp-responsive/topics/?><?path2project ..\?><?path2project-uri ../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN?><?doctype-system topic.dtd?><topic xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="data_sources" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="topic:1;3:26" specializations="@props/deliveryTarget">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Data and their Sources</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:16">This section may be useful for developers that are responsible for connecting DBOS to
        Core Banking systems, Third party systems and internal DBOS component connections, as well
        as DBOS configuration. To handle business tasks and run functions you may need data from
        various sources. Data sources effects DBOS configuration. </shortdesc>
    <body class="- topic/body " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="body:1;9:11">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="p:1;10:12">To handle business tasks you need some functions (Steps) to do. Task and Function
            business logic (source code fragment) is placed to particular DBOS component. To handle
            functions you may need some data or other functions to derive (data or functions
            calling) from various data sources. Data or Function sources may be Core Banking
            systems, Third party systems and other DBOS components. It's crucial to understand
            sources of data or function not only to call them but to be able to configure DBOS
            components. For example, Task (task_title_1) business logic is placed to DBOS Component
            1. To handle task_title_1 you need data that provides by other DBOS Component 11 and by
            Third party system. That means that you can't take to your custom DBOS configuration
            DBOS Component 1 and not to take DBOS Component 11 and that Third party system. </p>
        <example id="example_ycb_1dt_zgc" class="- topic/example " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="example:1;20:43">For example, Task (task_title_1) business logic is placed
            to DBOS Component 1. To handle task_title_1 you need data that provides by other DBOS
            Component 11 and by Third party system. That means that you can't take to your custom
            DBOS configuration DBOS Component 1 and not to take DBOS Component 11 and that Third
            party system.</example>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="p:2;25:12">Each data (data type) has its own page that provides all possible information that may be
            needed to operate with the data or data type.</p>
        <example id="example_dmt_1kt_zgc" class="- topic/example " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="example:2;27:43">For example, <xref href="component_1_data_1.dita" class="- topic/xref " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/1/Desktop/all%20study%20projects/banking%20tasks/topics/data_sources.dita" xtrc="xref:1;28:15"/></example>
    </body>
</topic>