<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="digital_banking_main_solution">
    <title>Products</title>
    <shortdesc>This section describes all products that represent Finshape's value proposition.
        Value Proposition a description of the goods or services that a company offers and why they
        are desirable to customers or clients. </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>In addition to products description, this section comprises technical-oriented subsection
                <xref href="db_modules.dita"/> that describes elements and components from which
            Finshape’s products are built.  </p>
        <p>We offer to our clients three standalone products (solutions), some add-ons to the Core
            Digital Banking solution, and services. Standalone means that product may be delivered
            to a client on the Project level and doesn't depend on other DBOS components.</p>
        <p>
            <note id="note_fsh_g54_jhc">Add-ons are not standalone products that may be delivered to
                client on a Project implementation level, so they may be offered to a client in
                combination with Core Digital Banking solution only.</note>
        </p>
        <p>
            <note id="note_iqc_t5p_jhc">Short Product description consists of three parts: <ol
                    id="ol_bz1_v5p_jhc">
                    <li>Is it a standalone product, service, or add-on? </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>What benefits it brings to the client? </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Which elements and components it consists of from the technical point of
                            view </p>
                    </li>
                </ol></note>
            <dl id="dl_dht_4mb_jhc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="digital_identity_0.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>Digital Identity is a product that provides centralized authentication,
                        session management, and OpenID Connect–based security for all connected
                        banking systems. It ensures secure user login, unified session handling, and
                        consistent identity governance across channels. This product is delivered
                        through the DBOS component called Digital Identity (GAAS).</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="authentication_and_authorization_solution.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>The authentication and authorization is a product (solution) that provides a
                        comprehensive, secure, and scalable service: identity, access, and
                        operational governance across the entire digital banking system. This
                        product is delivered through the DBOS components Digital Identity (GAAS) and
                        GEN (Entitlements), Admin Console (WAC) and Login applications for bank
                        clients and bank employees. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="start_digital_banking_solution.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>The Core Digital Banking is a product provides the essential capabilities
                        required to deliver core digital banking services, including secure customer
                        operations, integration with existing bank systems, and support for
                        additional banking functionalities. These functionalities include storing
                        and providing data, executing transactions, and performing product-related
                        actions, all supported through a unified integration layer. This product is
                        delivered through Authentication and Authorization solution along with other
                        key components: Instant Data (GDS), Payments and Instructions (TPM),
                        Integration Hub (IHUB), Service Proxy (SPX), Admin Console (WAC), Login
                        application and Workspace GUI applications for bank clients and bank
                        employees. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="psd2_support_service.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>PSD2 Support Service is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking
                        solution that delivers the mandatory functionality required for PSD2
                        compliance within the EU. It enables secure access for licensed third-party
                        providers, manages customer consents, and ensures proper registration and
                        handling of third-party entities. The service consists of three core
                        components: OpenBank for exposing PSD2-compliant APIs, ConsentReg for
                        managing and storing customer consent, and TpReg for registering and
                        maintaining third-party provider information.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="desktop_internet_banking_application.dita"/>
                    </dt>
                    <dd>Desktop Internet banking application  is an optional add-on to the Core
                        Digital Banking solution. It's a web application implementing the internet
                        banking GUI where a bank employee operates the solution on behalf of a
                        selected user.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>
                        <xref href="ios_and_android_smartphone_banking.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>Mobile Internet Banking application is an optional add-on to the Core
                        Digital Banking solution. Mobile applications for iOS (iPhone) and Android
                        smartphones implement a GUI for smartphone banking. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="four_eyes.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>The Four Eyes component is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking
                        solution designed for corporate banking clients who require stronger
                        internal control. It ensures that sensitive administrative actions are only
                        executed after being reviewed and approved by a second authorized user,
                        providing an extra layer of security and governance.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="notification_centre_gnc.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>GNC is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking solution that manages
                        and generates notifications for selected events, such as balance changes or
                        specific account movements.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="distribution_gdc.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>GDC is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking solution that handles
                        the delivery of notifications to clients, ensuring that alerts and messages
                        generated by the bank’s systems are reliably sent through the configured
                        communication channels.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="exchange_rates_xcr_0.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>XCR is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking solution that provides
                        exchange rate information for foreign currency operations and supports
                        currency-dependent business rules, such as currency limits or
                        thresholds.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="experience_builder_exb.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>EXB is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking solution that stores
                        user-specific data for web or mobile applications, such as personalized
                        dashboard settings or other custom user preferences.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><xref href="document_generation_service.dita"/></dt>
                    <dd>The Document Generation Service is an optional add-on to the Core Digital
                        Banking solution that enables the automated creation of various banking
                        documents, such as contracts, statements, and confirmations. It ensures that
                        documents are produced accurately, consistently, and in a fully digital
                        form, supporting both customer-facing and internal processes. The service
                        consists of two components: Print Server (GPS), which handles the actual
                        document generation, and SIDER, a technical extension that allows large or
                        complex documents to finish processing in the background even after the user
                        logs out. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
        <dl id="dl_zpx_5wb_jhc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt><xref href="product_support.dita"/></dt>
                <dd>Product support is a service that consists of: onboarding for banking employees
                    etc. </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt><xref href="maintenance_service.dita"/></dt>
                <dd>Maintenance is a service that consists of services related to products' updates,
                    health checkups etc. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
