<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="glossary">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <shortdesc>This section comprises Finshape's internal terms and definitions. </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_kdh_p1f_khc">
            <title>A</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_zlk_q1f_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Action </dt>
                <dd>Action is a one simple physical act, that user performs within the software
                    product.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <example id="example_amk_q1f_khc">Example: open; click; select; enter; close<p>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Add-on </dt>
                        <dd>Add-ons are not standalone products that are capable to provide services
                            independently from other components, so they may be offered to a client
                            in combination with Core Digital Banking solution only.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Authentication and Authorization solution</dt>
                        <dd>
                            <p>The authentication and authorization is a product (solution) that
                                provides a comprehensive, secure, and scalable service: identity,
                                access, and operational governance across the entire digital banking
                                system. This service is delivered through the DBOS components
                                Digital Identity (GAAS) and GEN (Entitlements), Admin Console (WAC)
                                and Login applications for bank clients and bank employees.</p>
                        </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl>
            </p></example>
        <section id="section_skv_s1f_khc">
            <title>C</title>
            <p>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Core Digital Banking solution </dt>
                        <dd>The Core Digital Banking solution provides the basic digital banking
                            services, including integration with existing bank systems, storing and
                            providing data, secure customer operations, executing transactions, and
                            support for additional banking functionalities. The product includes the
                            Authentication and Authorization solution along with other key
                            components: Instant Data (GDS), Payments and Instructions (TPM),
                            Integration Hub (IHUB), Service Proxy (SPX), Admin Console (WAC), Login
                            and Workspace GUI applications for bank clients and bank employees.
                        </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl>
            </p>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_xrb_ws2_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS component</dt>
                <dd>A component comprises an application program that implements the business logic
                    and configuration information. A component offers a service to other components
                    and in turn consumes functions offered by other services using service-oriented
                    interfaces.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Connector </dt>
                <dd>Connectors are elements for connecting composite application with other third
                    party applications and internal application components between each other.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <section id="section_lxc_w1f_khc">
            <title>D</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_hxc_w1f_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Data Object (DO)</dt>
                <dd>Data object (DO) is an information entity that comprise details about all data
                    and services that are needed to handle specific Step of a Functional task. Data
                    object may be connected to more than one Step at the same time. Many Data
                    objects may be connected to one Functional task as far as task may comprise
                    several Steps.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Data Source</dt>
                <dd>Data sources are entities that provide needed data and services for other
                    components and systems.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS component service connector</dt>
                <dd>Component service connector is the access mechanism that other internal
                    components have to use to call the component.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS component reference connector</dt>
                <dd>Component reference connector is the access mechanism that component uses to
                    call other components.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS service connector</dt>
                <dd>Composite service connector is the access mechanism that external clients must
                    use to call the service.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS reference connector</dt>
                <dd>Composite reference connector is the access mechanism that is used to call
                    another service.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS composite application</dt>
                <dd>A composite application is created by combining one or more components that
                    together implement the business logic of the new application.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Digital Identity </dt>
                <dd>Digital Identity (GAAS) is a product that provides centralized authentication,
                    session management, and OpenID Connect–based security for all connected banking
                    systems. It ensures secure user login, unified session handling, and consistent
                    identity governance across channels. GAAS also supports certification flows and
                    event handling, enabling reliable identity services for digital banking
                    ecosystems. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <section id="section_jr4_kbf_khc">
            <title>F</title>
            <dl id="dl_dxy_kbf_khc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Four Eyes</dt>
                    <dd>The Four Eyes component is an optional add-on to the Core Digital Banking
                        solution designed for corporate banking clients who require stronger
                        internal control. It ensures that sensitive administrative actions are only
                        executed after being reviewed and approved by a second authorized user,
                        providing an extra layer of security and governance.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_zv3_2bf_khc">
            <title>P</title>
            <p>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Product</dt>
                        <dd>Finshape’s main product is a custom Digital Banking solution. We offer
                            to our clients standalone products (solutions), add-on components,
                            applications, and services. </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wxb_gbf_khc">
            <title>S</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_vv3_2bf_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Step </dt>
                <dd>Step is the set of actions within software product that together lead to the
                    Task completion. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <example id="example_fft_11f_khc">Example: Enter account detail</example>
        <section id="section_d45_gbf_khc">
            <title>T</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_zq1_c1f_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Task </dt>
                <dd>Task is the same as a use case. However, use case, from the user point of view
                    is the specific result that the user wants to achieve by making some actions
                    within software product. As far as use case is a term mainly used within
                    software domain, we may use more general term and establish Task entity. Task
                    entity is a set of steps that have to be done to reach a specific result.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <example id="example_fls_d1f_khc">Example: <xref
                href="https://docs.finshape.com/wac2/current/client-management/client-details.html"
                format="html" scope="external"/></example>
        <section id="section_ad1_3bf_khc">
            <title>R</title>
            <p>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Role</dt>
                        <dd>Enterprise role is a defined set of tasks, responsibilities, and
                            activities that a person is expected to handle within the organization.
                            It specifies what the individual does, how they contribute to business
                            processes, and the scope of their responsibilities across the
                            enterprise.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Right</dt>
                        <dd>A right is a specific permission that defines what actions a user is
                            allowed to perform or what resources they can access.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_l2y_nbf_khc">
            <title>U</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_als_d1f_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Use case </dt>
                <dd>Use case is the same thing as Task is. Use case from the user point of view is
                    the specific result that the user wants to achieve by making some actions within
                    software product. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <example id="example_eq2_l1f_khc">Example: <xref
                href="https://docs.finshape.com/wac2/current/client-management/client-details.html"
                format="html" scope="external"/></example>
        <section id="section_yvp_4bf_khc">
            <title>W</title>
        </section>
        <dl id="dl_xp2_l1f_khc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Workspace </dt>
                <dd>Workspace is a desktop (Dashboard) or mobile GUI page that is opened as bank's
                    employees or clients login to their banking application. Workspace may be
                    designed for all Roles at the same time, or for a specific Role to provide
                    handling only Role specific Tasks. Workspace usually comprise Introduction or
                    Overview GUI page. Application from the other hand is a software package that
                    performs a specific functions directly for an end user and comprises all GUI
                    elements: workspace, pages, controls etc.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
