<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="how_to_use_knowledge_base">
    <title>Introduction </title>
    <shortdesc>This section serves to lead users through the key principles of Knowledge Base. </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>This portal was developed based on the analysis on the content needs within the company
            and designed to align company stated goals. Company goals, content requirements and the
            portal organization principles are described in the PDF report <wintitle>Current Content
                State: Part 1</wintitle> (report may be provided on demand). </p>
        <p>
            <note id="note_lhv_3pj_khc" type="important">To understand each menu bar sections'
                purpose, select the <wintitle>Finshape Knowledge Base</wintitle> at the top left
                corner, afterwards scroll down, and explore each section's and subsection's short
                description.</note>
            <note id="note_qlv_lpj_khc">Knowledge Base comprises of following main Entities: Role,
                Right, Workspace, Use case (Task), Step, Data object, Connector, Data source. To
                make Knowledge Base content reusable, we should make changes within the Entity
                pages. </note>
        </p>
        <section id="section_vdr_3kf_khc">
            <title>Knowledge Base priorities </title>
            <p>Priorities for Knowledge Base were defined: <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>DBOS Platform business overview </p>
                    </li>
                </ul><ul id="ul_z23_mkf_khc">
                    <li>
                        <p>Business description of DBOS Components </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Business description of DBOS Tools </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Business description of DBOS Applications </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Guidance on how to accomplish use-cases (tasks)</p>
                        <p>
                            <dl id="dl_bnb_bwr_khc">
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>DBOS Platform business overview</dt>
                                    <dd>DBOS composite application (Platform) business overview is
                                        the description of all platform capabilities from its user
                                        point of view (client's point of view). User's product
                                        description is being commonly presented in a form of the
                                        user guide. To see product's introduction and user guide,
                                        visit these sections: <ul id="ul_h4c_4vr_khc">
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref
                                                  href="finshape_products_clients_pay_for.dita"/>
                                                  page may be Finshape products White Paper.</p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref
                                                  href="all_in_one_digital_banking_solution.dita"/>
                                                  describes main Finshape product.</p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p>Other products pages describe specific
                                                  products.</p>
                                            </li>
                                        </ul><note id="note_i4c_4vr_khc">Guidance on how to
                                            accomplish use-cases is to be found inside
                                                <wintitle>Woking with the product</wintitle> or
                                                <wintitle>Working with the component</wintitle>
                                            section that is the part of <wintitle>Product user
                                                guide</wintitle> or <wintitle>Add-on user
                                                guide</wintitle> section corresponding.</note></dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                            <dl id="dl_lwv_dwr_khc">
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>Business description of DBOS Components </dt>
                                    <dd>DBOS components are business description is about describing
                                        component's capabilities from the user point of view
                                        (clients point of view). Components participating in
                                        standalone products are described in the related products
                                        docs. Components that are add-ons products are described
                                        separately in the product pages. <ul id="ul_xkf_mwr_khc">
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="four_eyes.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="notification_centre_gnc.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="distribution_gdc.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="exchange_rates_xcr_0.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="experience_builder_exb.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                        </ul><note id="note_ykf_mwr_khc">Guidance on how to
                                            accomplish use-cases is to be found inside
                                                <wintitle>Woking with the product</wintitle> or
                                                <wintitle>Working with the component</wintitle>
                                            section that is the part of <wintitle>Product user
                                                guide</wintitle> or <wintitle>Add-on user
                                                guide</wintitle> section corresponding.</note></dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                            <dl id="dl_s2f_dwr_khc">
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>Business description of DBOS Tools </dt>
                                    <dd>Tools are not the component of DBOS composite application.
                                        Therefore they are not described from the business point of
                                        view in the product pages, but technically, in the section:
                                            <xref href="tools.dita"/>. In case when Tool is being
                                        integrated in DBOS composite application, tool is becoming a
                                        DBOS component. And it's not important, if a Tool belongs to
                                        Finshape or a 3rd party. In this case, it will be described
                                        from the business point of view in the product pages (see
                                        above). </dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                            <dl id="dl_gjs_cwr_khc">
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>Business description of DBOS Applications</dt>
                                    <dd>Applications are the part of DBOS composite application, and
                                        described in the product pages here: <ul id="ul_gty_5dt_khc">
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref href="admin_console_wac.dita"/></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref
                                                  href="desktop_internet_banking_application.dita"
                                                  /></p>
                                            </li>
                                            <li>
                                                <p><xref
                                                  href="ios_and_android_smartphone_banking.dita"
                                                  /></p>
                                            </li>
                                        </ul><note id="note_hty_5dt_khc">Guidance on how to
                                            accomplish use-cases is to be found inside
                                                <wintitle>Woking with the product</wintitle> or
                                                <wintitle>Working with the component</wintitle>
                                            section that is the part of <wintitle>Product user
                                                guide</wintitle> or <wintitle>Add-on user
                                                guide</wintitle> section corresponding.</note></dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                            <dl id="dl_xnb_bwr_khc">
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>Guidance on how to accomplish use-cases (tasks)</dt>
                                    <dd>Guidance on how to accomplish use-cases is to be found
                                        inside <wintitle>Woking with the product</wintitle> or
                                            <wintitle>Working with the component</wintitle> section
                                        that is the part of <wintitle>Product user guide</wintitle>
                                        or <wintitle>Add-on user guide</wintitle> section
                                        corresponding. Other way to reach step-by-step guidance is
                                        to go to <xref href="tasks.dita"/> section or to <xref
                                            href="roles.dita"/> section. See also <xref
                                            href="initial_selling_proposition.dita"/> to understand
                                        searching for information logic. </dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wnp_wwr_khc">
            <title>Knowledge Base strategy </title>
            <p>One of the company current goals is reducing Project implementation time and cost.
                There are four main bottleneck in achieving this result: <ul id="ul_zhw_p2y_khc">
                    <li>
                        <p><wintitle>Initial proposition issue</wintitle>. Sometimes Salesperson
                            offers to client company possibilities instead of its real products. See
                            also <xref href="initial_selling_proposition.dita"/>. </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><wintitle>Integration issue</wintitle>. API integrators face to variety
                            of core banking systems.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><wintitle>Translation issue</wintitle>. Front-end developers get
                            Technical assignment for developing apps and don't understand how to
                            make it using tools they have.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><wintitle>Data matching issue</wintitle>. Front-end developers don't know
                            what data should be connected to specific use-case UI controls.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Knowledge Base from the strategic point of view must twice reduce wasting time for
                searching information by humans and provide structured information objects for AI
                agent to give it possibilities to work with. That's why it must become a tool for
                providing company's employees, partners, and clients with the information necessary
                to handle specific use-cases tasks. </p>
            <p>Portal technology must allow to generate, update and handle Role specific (Potential
                customers, bank clients, bank employee Roles, Finshape Roles etc.) static UI
                pages.</p>
            <p>Information must be provided in a convenient format (inside app, web, PDF, Word,
                etc.), on all platforms (desk, tablet, mobile) and in a timely manner. That means
                not in the form of a narrative book that no one intends or will read, but in the
                form of a specific, step-by-step task completion guidance. </p>
            <p>Usually, users are looking for instruction on how to, rather than general
                information. A use case can be on any topic and depends on the role the portal user
                currently plays. Potential customers, bank employees, and bank clients handle
                Functional tasks, Finshape employees and partners Product tasks. </p>
            <p>Example of Pre-sales Product task: <xref href="initial_selling_proposition.dita"
                /></p>
            <p>Example of bank's Retail client Functional task: <xref href="business_tasks_1.dita"/>
                / <xref href="step_by_step_guidance.dita"/></p>
            <p>Example of other Functional task on DBOS portal: <xref
                    href="https://docs.finshape.com/wac2/current/client-management/client-details.html"
                    format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
