<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="initial_selling_proposition">
    <title>Initial selling proposition: PT04.01.01</title>
    <shortdesc>Initial selling proposition is the information that salesperson gives to its
        potential client.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>There is huge misunderstanding between Salesperson and Project team. The problem is that
            our products are mainly custom and complicated. To shorten the misunderstanding gaps,
            Salesperson and Business Analyst work together. </p>
        <p>It's crucial to lead potential client to the purchasing the products smoothly but
            Business Analyst starts communicate with salesperson and client lately, when some wrong
            promises may be given to the potential client. Wrong promise leads to lost client and if
            given to potential client information doesn't align to standard products and we want to
            have this client, Project team faced to rising Project costs due to wasting time and
            money on creating custom components add-ons and applications on the Project level. While
            in the product line there are standard solutions that aligns with clients required
            tasks, though they handle those tasks with a bit different way client suppose to.</p>
        <p>Initial selling proposition is a <wintitle>First bottleneck</wintitle> within Project
            Implementation process. Salesperson gives to potential client some information about
            products. But products are not the same as possibilities and it's important to
            understand the difference to offer products instead of possibilities. So, to go through
                <wintitle>First bottleneck</wintitle> we must provide Salesperson with the correct
            information.</p>
        <p>Assume that your client ask you about <wintitle>New payment </wintitle> task within
                <wintitle>Desktop Internet banking application</wintitle>. There are four main
            searching possibilities for information to answer client's question.<dl
                id="dl_i3d_kjs_khc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>I am the Absolute truth</dt>
                    <dd>It's up to you, you are the best, know everything, and don't need any
                        information.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Full text search or AI agent help</dt>
                    <dd>Enter searching detail that you know about task (task ID: PT04.01.01, task
                        title, Role that handles the task, etc.), depending on details searching
                        results are provided.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Step-by-step guidance</dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p>Step-by-step guidance is the most fast and precise way of getting
                            information from client to understand what real client's question is
                            about. Client may use task term (internal bank or competitive product's)
                            that is different to ours and it is hard to understand context. </p>
                        <p>Go through following Step by step guidance to find information about
                            banking specific task.</p>
                        <p>
                            <ol id="ol_syh_4ls_khc">
                                <li>
                                    <p>Find out with your client what banking Role handles the task
                                        and what Category the task is.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Go to Knowledge Base section <xref href="roles.dita"/> and
                                        select the role <xref href="bank_s_privat_client.dita"/>
                                        client mentioned to review tasks that are assigned to this
                                        Role. <note id="note_tyh_4ls_khc">We recommend you to open
                                            the Role's task list in a new tab to comfortably switch
                                            between this guide and needed sections</note></p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Find within the task list the <wintitle>Task title</wintitle>
                                        client is talking about. </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Select needed task within the list <xref
                                            href="business_tasks_1.dita"/> and main Task page will
                                        be opened.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Select parameter <parmname>Task handle UI page</parmname>
                                        <xref href="new_payment_page.dita"/> and review the UI
                                        page.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Select Step-by-step guidance section <xref
                                            href="step_by_step_guidance.dita"/> to review how to
                                        handle the task</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Use Task's PID to include it to the initial selling
                                            proposition.<note id="note_uyh_4ls_khc">If we have such
                                            tool (AI agent script), the Initial selling proposition
                                            document will be generated automatically and all needed
                                            related to the Project implementation process
                                            information (DBOS component, Workspace,  Task UI page,
                                            UX logic, Data object etc.) will be there.</note></p>
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <p>Go to the next client's need.</p>
                                </li>
                            </ol>
                        </p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Table of content search</dt>
                    <dd>To get information you need to answer the client's question you may go to
                            <xref href="finshape_products_clients_pay_for.dita"/> section, scroll
                        down the page, select needed product <xref
                            href="desktop_internet_banking_application.dita"/>, select <xref
                            href="introduction_to_the_product_3.dita"/>section, review Use case
                        (Task) list within <xref
                            href="business_tasks_you_accomlish_using_this_product_3.dita"/> page and
                        select needed Task to get all needed information.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
